[Music]
in ethiopia we have a lot of resources
the land the water and the labor
but we don't have the the skills and
knowledge and new technologies to
improve our agricultural productivity
the
[Music]
foreign
we had to face water challenge from day
one we don't have enough water so we had
to come out with advanced technologies
one of them is the drip irrigation
it started with saving water but it
appeared that if you give the plant the
exact amount of water you actually
increase its yield
in ethiopia we have a lot of resources
the land the water and the labor
but we don't have the the skills and
knowledge and new technologies to
improve our agricultural productivity
our agate is
reinforced most of the farmers
that they wait for the rain
so if there is no rain the farmers are
getting established
[Music]
by using israeli advanced technologies
those technologies that improve the life
of the citizens of israel could be used
for the benefit of ethiopian farmers
[Music]
it's not just giving the money by
selling the israeli technologies and
with the support of the program the
ethiopian farmers will see the benefit
of it
and everyone will will earn this is a
win-win situation
[Music]
we managed to build a very fundamental
and sustainable
program
technology
american
[Music]
you